README.md, before:

# Textual Style Tomorrow

## About

This  is a style for the [Textual IRC client](http://www.codeux.com/textual/).
It is based on the [Tomorrow](https://github.com/ChrisKempson/Tomorrow-Theme) and [base16](https://github.com/chriskempson/base16) colour themes of *Chris Kempson* and the default *Simplified* Style bundled with Textual as of version 4.1.4.

The main intention of this style is to emphasise important / interesting lines and move unimportant into the background without hiding information.

1. Own messages are blue
2. Notices, CTCPs, and Wallops are yellow
3. Selected / focused user messages are orange
4. Highlights are red
5. Kicks, Kills, and mode changes are better visible than Joins, Quits, Parts, and other information fe. channel information displayed when joining

![Preview](https://github.com/FroZnShiva/Textual-Style-Tomorrow/raw/master/preview.png)

## Installation

Install the files according to the [Styles Documentation of Textual](http://www.codeux.com/textual/wiki/Styles.wiki)

```sh
cd ~/Library/Containers/com.codeux.irc.textual/Data/Library/Application\ Support/Textual\ IRC/Styles/
git clone https://github.com/FroZnShiva/Textual-Style-Tomorrow.git Tomorrow
```

Then just open the Preferences of Textual (`⌘,`) go to *Styles* and select **Tomorrow**.

Commit message:

Create a Tomorrow Night color variation

README.md, after:

# Textual Style Tomorrow Night

## About

This  is a style for the [Textual IRC client](http://www.codeux.com/textual/).
It is based on the [Tomorrow](https://github.com/ChrisKempson/Tomorrow-Theme) and [base16](https://github.com/chriskempson/base16) colour themes of *Chris Kempson* and the default *Simplified* Style bundled with Textual as of version 4.1.4.

The main intention of this style is to emphasise important / interesting lines and move unimportant into the background without hiding information.

1. Own messages are blue
2. Notices, CTCPs, and Wallops are yellow
3. Selected / focused user messages are orange
4. Highlights are red
5. Kicks, Kills, and mode changes are better visible than Joins, Quits, Parts, and other information fe. channel information displayed when joining

<!---
![Preview](https://github.com/FroZnShiva/Textual-Style-Tomorrow_Night/raw/master/preview.png)
--->

## Installation

Install the files according to the [Styles Documentation of Textual](http://www.codeux.com/textual/wiki/Styles.wiki)

```sh
cd ~/Library/Containers/com.codeux.irc.textual/Data/Library/Application\ Support/Textual\ IRC/Styles/
git clone https://github.com/FroZnShiva/Textual-Style-Tomorrow_Night.git Tomorrow\ Night
```

Then just open the Preferences of Textual (`⌘,`) go to *Styles* and select **Tomorrow Night**.

## Color Variations

* [Tomorrow](https://github.com/FroZnShiva/Textual-Style-Tomorrow)
